DOCSP-36320 External release notes for v20240207 (#670)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2024 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20240207:

7 February 2024 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Atlas Data Services log pages now use your timezone of preference.

- Added support for dictionaries in Dart object model generation.

> - Apps linked to serverless datasources cannot enable sync. 

Reviewer: this one's confusing to me - what actually changed? I thought [this was already the case](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/mongodb/#:~:text=You%20cannot%20use%20a%20serverless%20instance%20as%20your%20app%27s%20Device%20Sync%20cluster.) ...or were they still technically able to when they shouldn't have been?
```suggestion
- Apps linked to serverless datasources can no longer enable Device Sync <because reasons...>. 
```

Author: Good catch, it is a bug fix. Updated wording!

> - Fixed error where apps linked to serverless datasources were incorrectly able to enable sync. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed error where Apps linked to serverless datasources were incorrectly able to enable Device Sync. 
```
